Israel has held a funeral for a senior
Army Commander killed in fighting in the
northern Gaza Strip Israel says that the
lieutenant colonel was among 10 soldiers
killed on Tuesday during battles with
Hamas this is the worst single day loss
for Israeli forces since the ground
Invasion began on October 31st the
Israeli Army says at least 115 troops
have been killed in the fighting so
far also prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says that Israel will not stop
its war against Hamas quote despite
International pressure Netanyahu was
speaking to soldiers during a visit to a
military base in southern Israel hamda
salut is in occupied East Jerusalem for
us ham let's talk about this this is the
Israeli Prime Minister being very
defiant after a couple of different
things one the UN General Assembly
resolution calling for an immediate
ceasefire and two incre increasing
criticism of him and of the war and the
way that he's Prosecuting it made by the
US
president well despite all of the
opposition and international pressure
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has been quite clear in his
rhetoric about the war for the last
couple of months while visiting troops
in the southern part of the country at
an area where Palestinians who've been
arrested from Gaza are being
interrogated he said quote We are
continuing until the end until victory
until the elimination of Hamas even in
the face of international pressure
nothing will stop us these are words he
has been repeating for weeks and weeks
and weeks the Israeli Prime Minister
along with other Israeli officials say
that despite whatever International
pressure is coming even from the United
States they're going to continue this
war until their three objectives are met
we also heard from the Israeli foreign
minister today Ellie Cohen who said that
Israel is going to continue this war
with or without International pressure
so the Israelis are aware that in the
court of public opinion they are losing
that battle but they aren't seemingly
caring because they say they have
objectives that need to be reached the
Israeli foreign minister additionally
said that a ceasefire is not anything
the Israelis are looking for right now
because it's what he says a quote gift
to
Hamas ham talk to us about how the
funerals are being absorbed in Israel we
were just looking at the pictures
there this is the biggest single day
loss for the Israeli military since that
ground operation began more than a month
ago the head of Israel's Southern
command in the military visiting
commanders in the sh neighborhood where
that Hamas Ambush took place speaking to
them saying that there are heavy losses
and heavy prices
that are paid throughout this war and
that there is no choice for the military
but to keep going the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also um
having remarks about that saying that it
was an incredibly tough day but the
Israeli military simply doesn't have
another choice that they need to
continue on in their War and the
Israelis are also eulogizing someone who
is a high ranking officer in the Israeli
military it's also someone who is the
highest ranked to be killed since this
War Began so the Israelis are saying
that while there are these big and heavy
losses they're going to continue on in
this war and remember this is something
the defense minister and prime minister
Netanyahu have been saying since the
ground operation began since there were
Israeli soldier deaths on the since the
ground incursion began they've been
saying that they're going to continue
they're going to even deepen their
advancements despite the heavy price and
the losses meaning the deaths of Israeli
soldiers ham salut reporting from
occupied East